c:\users\seifallah\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsAzure\API\HrSmart\HrSmart\bin\HrSmart.dll.config
c:\users\seifallah\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsAzure\API\HrSmart\HrSmart\bin\HrSmart.dll
c:\users\seifallah\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsAzure\API\HrSmart\HrSmart\bin\HrSmart.pdb
c:\users\seifallah\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsAzure\API\HrSmart\HrSmart\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\seifallah\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsAzure\API\HrSmart\HrSmart\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\seifallah\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsAzure\API\HrSmart\HrSmart\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
c:\users\seifallah\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsAzure\API\HrSmart\HrSmart\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.ActiveDirectory.dll
c:\users\seifallah\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsAzure\API\HrSmart\HrSmart\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\users\seifallah\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsAzure\API\HrSmart\HrSmart\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Jwt.dll
c:\users\seifallah\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsAzure\API\HrSmart\HrSmart\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
c:\users\seifallah\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsAzure\API\HrSmart\HrSmart\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\seifallah\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsAzure\API\HrSmart\HrSmart\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\seifallah\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsAzure\API\HrSmart\HrSmart\bin\Owin.dll
c:\users\seifallah\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsAzure\API\HrSmart\HrSmart\bin\System.IdentityModel.Tokens.Jwt.dll
c:\users\seifallah\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsAzure\API\HrSmart\HrSmart\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\seifallah\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsAzure\API\HrSmart\HrSmart\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\seifallah\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsAzure\API\HrSmart\HrSmart\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\seifallah\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsAzure\API\HrSmart\HrSmart\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\seifallah\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsAzure\API\HrSmart\HrSmart\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\seifallah\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsAzure\API\HrSmart\HrSmart\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\seifallah\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsAzure\API\HrSmart\HrSmart\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\seifallah\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsAzure\API\HrSmart\HrSmart\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\seifallah\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsAzure\API\HrSmart\HrSmart\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\seifallah\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsAzure\API\HrSmart\HrSmart\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\seifallah\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsAzure\API\HrSmart\HrSmart\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\seifallah\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsAzure\API\HrSmart\HrSmart\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\seifallah\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsAzure\API\HrSmart\HrSmart\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\seifallah\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsAzure\API\HrSmart\HrSmart\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\seifallah\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsAzure\API\HrSmart\HrSmart\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\seifallah\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsAzure\API\HrSmart\HrSmart\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\seifallah\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsAzure\API\HrSmart\HrSmart\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\seifallah\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsAzure\API\HrSmart\HrSmart\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\seifallah\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsAzure\API\HrSmart\HrSmart\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\seifallah\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsAzure\API\HrSmart\HrSmart\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\seifallah\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsAzure\API\HrSmart\HrSmart\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\seifallah\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsAzure\API\HrSmart\HrSmart\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\seifallah\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsAzure\API\HrSmart\HrSmart\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\seifallah\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsAzure\API\HrSmart\HrSmart\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\seifallah\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsAzure\API\HrSmart\HrSmart\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:\users\seifallah\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsAzure\API\HrSmart\HrSmart\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\users\seifallah\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsAzure\API\HrSmart\HrSmart\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
c:\users\seifallah\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsAzure\API\HrSmart\HrSmart\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.ActiveDirectory.xml
c:\users\seifallah\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsAzure\API\HrSmart\HrSmart\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Jwt.xml
c:\users\seifallah\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsAzure\API\HrSmart\HrSmart\bin\System.IdentityModel.Tokens.Jwt.xml
c:\users\seifallah\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsAzure\API\HrSmart\HrSmart\obj\Debug\HrSmart.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\seifallah\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsAzure\API\HrSmart\HrSmart\obj\Debug\HrSmart.dll
c:\users\seifallah\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WindowsAzure\API\HrSmart\HrSmart\obj\Debug\HrSmart.pdb
